



INVENTAUTO TEST PLAN












Table of Contents

INTRODUCTION	3
1.1	Objectives	3
1.2	Team Members	3
2	SCOPE	3
3	ASSUMPTIONS / RISKS	4
3.1	Assumptions	4
3.2	Risks	4
4	TEST APPROACH	4
4.1	Test Automation	4
5	TEST ENVIRONMENT	5
6	MILESTONES / DELIVERABLES	5
6.1	Test Schedule	5
6.2	Deliverables	5
Introduction 
This Invenauto Test Plan has been created to communicate the test approach to team members. It includes the objectives, scope, schedule, risks and approach.  This document will clearly identify what the test deliverables will be and what is deemed in and out of scope.

1.1 Objectives
Jira is a web-based Test Management tool used to create and store tests as well as the results of running those tests.  This tool is a new product written with Java using TestNg and Maven. The test team is responsible for testing the product and ensuring it meets their needs. The test team is both the customer and the tester in this project.

Phase 1 of the project will establish Jira sprints and create and store manual tests from items listed in the Ecommerce BRD.  This will allow the test team to start building tests for the Invenauto.tech website.  Must have functionality is considered more important than the delivery date in this project.
1.2 Team Members
Resource Name
Role
Taylor Cox
Team Fire
Michael Ross
Team Fire
Michelle Zheng
Team Fire

2 Scope
The initial phase will include all ‘must have’ requirements. These and any other requirements that get included must all be tested.  At the end of Phase 1, a tester must be able to:
1. Create a manual test with as many steps as necessary
2. Save it
3. Retrieve it and have the ability to view it when running the test
4. Enter results and appropriate comments
5. View results

As the team works with the website, they will define the needs for the next phase(s).
Load testing will not be considered part of this project since the user base is known and not an issue.
Rewriting, moving, or porting existing test cases from the existing Invenauto Test Plan documents is not considered part of this project.  
3 Assumptions / Risks
3.1 Assumptions
This section lists assumptions that are made specific to this project.
1. Delivery of the product is in format that the test team can check it into Jenkins for automated testing.
2. A GitHub repository must be created to be used with Jenkins.

3.2 Risks
The following risks have been identified and the appropriate action identified to mitigate their impact on the project.  The impact (or severity) of the risk is based on how the project would be affected if the risk was triggered.  The trigger is what milestone or event would cause the risk to become an issue to be dealt with.

#
Risk
Impact
Trigger
Mitigation Plan
1
First time Jira users – testers are using Jira for the first time and will take some time to adapt to the site
High
Delays in implementation date 
Priorities will be set and discussed by stakeholders in the Ecommerce BRD. Since the driver is functionality and not time, it may be necessary to push the date out.
2
First time Jenkins users – Setting up Jenkins functionality may take time to establish functionality for all testers
High 
Delays in automated testing
Export data prior to any upgrade, massage as necessary and re-import after upgrade.
3
Daily delivery is not possible because the developers can only meet for 2 hours Mon-Fri
Medium
Product may not get delivered on schedule
Allow for additional time outside of meeting hours at developers discretion.






4 Test Approach
The project is using an agile approach with weekly iterations. At the end of each day the requirements identified for that iteration will be delivered to the team and will be tested. The beginning of each day will have a standup meeting to discuss the previous day and to discuss the next steps.

Exploratory testing will play a large part of the testing as the team has never used these types of tools and will be learning as they go.  Tests for planned functionality will be created and added to Jira as we get iterations of the product.

4.1 Test Automation
Automated unit tests are part of the development process, but no automated functional tests are planned at this time. As the sprints progress, items will be given a priority from the Ecommerce BRD and the team will build manual tests before selecting the tests to be automated.

5  Test Environment
Jenkins is required for automatic testing, which also requires a GitHub repository to be created for builds.  


6 Milestones / Deliverables
6.1 Test Schedule
The initial test schedule follows:

Task Name
Start
Finish 
Effort
Comments
Test Planning




   Review Requirements documents


2 d

   Create initial test estimates


1 d

Staff and train new test resources




First deploy to QA test environment




Functional testing – Iteration 1




Iteration 2 deploy to QA test environment




Functional testing – Iteration 2




System testing




Regression testing




UAT




Resolution of final defects and final build testing




Deploy to Staging environment




Performance testing




Release to Production





6.2 Deliverables
Deliverable
For
Date / Milestone
Test Plan
Project Manager; QA Director; Test Team

Traceability Matrix
Project Manager; QA Director

Test Results
Project Manager

Test Status report
QA Manager, QA Director




Metrics
All team members





